When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    One big reason is for collaboration with other people.
    Other reason is to make your code's source open.
    It gives you an easy way to view your repository on some other computer, and no need of setting up some server.
    For private repositories, the above reason is also valid.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    More control.
    Other users working on the same files. Say, I'm working locally on a file, and some other collaborator is working on the same file,
    then if he finishes earlier, and my local files get updated, then this would be a worst case scenario.
    Automatic updating MAY be helpful, when you want to use it for compiling an updated code, but still if it gets updated in the middle
    of the process.
    
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

    fork is cloning from a github repository to another github repository, all with a single click of a button.
    You can achieve fork like functionality with cloning on a local computer, then adding a remote and pushing all branches to a newly created empty repository on github. And if you want to push changes (I think you won't have access to that) to original repository, then you would have to add a remote on the github repository.
    Also, cloning instead of forking, is like stealing. But Github should display forks from the forked repository, and on the original repository, display both forks (direct and total forks).
    You may do forking, as you don't have access to original repository.
    
    Cloning: getting an exact copy of files along with commit history of a repository, including all the branches.
    
    Branches: part of a repository. While cloning or forking, you get all the branches, but while pushing or pulling, you do it for each branch.
    
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    lots of benefits:
    You don't have to go online, to see the commits in the remote.
    You can run git status locally and it will compare it to remote, and vice-versa.
    you can do git log origin/master.
    git fetch origin can update the current commits in the local.
    
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    Collaborating without GitHub:
        Make a Google Drive shared editable folder, then for easyness, then I would install Google Drive for PC, to edit files locally. After I make changes, and want others to review it. Then I would email that person, and stop doing more work. Or copy all the files in a different directory, give it a name, and start working on more things if I want.
        
    Easier: GitHub
        I've not used GitHub for collaborating, but it seems it would be the most efficient way, 
        as GitHub is made for code sharing and collaborating.
        We can use branching, pull requests, close pull requests, and so on.
        
    Difficulty on GitHub:
        if other person don't knows the usage of Git and GitHub, and concepts of branching and merging, specifically,
        then it is rather a hinderance.
